Official Says Waiting to Enter Classroom Was ‘Wrong Decision’
At N.R.A. Convention, the Blame Is on ‘Evil,’ Not Guns
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz made inaccurate claims at the N.R.A. convention. Here’s a fact check.
The gunman in Uvalde provided dark warnings online about the carnage to come.
The police offered a detailed sequence of events during the school shooting in Uvalde. See the breakdown here.
It was very unusual that Border Patrol agents had a key role in the shooting response: killing the gunman.
Citing gun violence, the San Francisco Giants’ manager said he would not come out for the national anthem.
What the Racist Massacre in Buffalo Stole From One Family
Street Fighting in Key City as Russia Gains Ground in Ukraine’s East
Drones. Crutches. Potatoes. Russian People Crowdfund Their Army.
Read a summary of Friday’s developments in the war.
Trump’s Primary Losses Puncture His Invincibility
How a Mapmaker Became New York’s Most Unexpected Power Broker
Testing Positive for Covid and Using a ‘Backdoor’ to Get Into the U.S.
Ted Sarandos Talks Netflix’s Stock Drop and Backing Dave Chappelle
For New York to Get Better, Times Square Has to Get Worse
In New York, a 7,000-ton theater was hoisted into the air to make room for more retail space.
The Weekender: Where Your Ice Cream Cone (Probably) Comes From
Did you follow the news this week? Take our quiz.
What Goes On Behind the Cameras at Home Makeover Shows?
We turn to history for guidance on where the market is headed.
Get set for the Champions League final with the real story of Liverpool’s sudden hero.
Our Leaders Are Failing in Their Most Basic Duty
America’s Human Sacrifices
The Nation Is Under the Gun
Hymn for the Hurting: A New Poem From Amanda Gorman
Gunman in ________ Kills __
Nothing Is Going to Stop the N.R.A.’s Gun Orgy in Texas
Gun Violence Is Like What Segregation Was. An Unaddressed Moral Stain.
The Internet Is Broken. How Do We Fix It?
It’s Not Looking Too Good for Government of the People, by the People and for the People
America May Be Broken Beyond Repair
The Moral Cost of Killing Our Enemies in Secret
The G.O.P. War on Civil Virtue
The Southern Baptist Moral Meltdown
Everyone’s Talking About ‘Unretirement.’ It’s Overblown.
Journalist Shireen Abu Akleh Was Killed in Jenin. Who Will Be Next?
18 Parents on How They Talked to Their Kids About the Texas Shooting
The Root of Haiti’s Misery: Reparations to Enslavers
Here’s what we learned about what Haiti was forced to pay after overthrowing France.
The French bank that captured Haiti: We tracked its profits — and Haiti’s losses.
A Haitian president tried to hold France to account for its years of exploitation. He ended up in exile.
